---
title: "COMPENDIUM ENTRY #2"
date: 2020-09-25
---
**REMEMBER WE HAVE OUR FIRST MEETING TODAY AT 11AM**. If you don't show up, it is with a heavy heart and misty eyes that I will tell you that you are personally responsible for Andrew’s disappointment and sadness. You monster.
<br>
<br>
ayo ppl its Jonathan Aimison Oppenheimer with the APC's second weekly compendium. Due to the APC's incredible work ethic, complete mastery of website development and quick production schedules, we failed to do literally any work at all on the website. This means the statement in our prior update, indicating future compendium entries would be on our website, was a complete and utter fabrication. 
<br>
This week I've got some introductory resources to HTML and CSS (the tools we use very well and quickly to make the APC website) and of course the second Kanye fact.
<br>
<br>
pls come 2 our meeting
<br>
Bonny
{: .entry-body}

---
{: color="#333"}
1. [Building Your First Web Page - (seriously this has everything)](https://learn.shayhowe.com/html-css/building-your-first-web-page){: target="_blank" .entry-link}
2. [Hosting your new website for free (Tutorial)](https://medium.com/@svinkle/publish-and-share-your-own-website-for-free-with-github-2eff049a1cb5){: target="_blank" .entry-link}
3. [Visualizations for Data Structures and Algorithms in CS](https://www.cs.usfca.edu/~galles/visualization/Algorithms.html){: target="_blank" .entry-link}
4. The Second Kanye Fact™ - did you know on september 15th, kanye west started talking about how egregious the contracts that major labels place on young individuals are, and was infuriated by this. on september 16th, a day later, he proceeded to tweet out each page of his contracts, but not before failing to do that, by accidentally tweeting out the file name instead of the actual file. later on in the day, he tweeted a video of him engaging in questionable actions upon a grammy award (serves them right for the amount of snubs they've given out especially in 2013), and then got banned from twitter for 12 hours for revealing personal information about a white supremacist. (courtesy of rohan v suri)
